Docs (#14)
humanmade/platform-cloud: docs/code-review/README.md

> # Code Review

Reviewer: IMO, let's move the Code Review section to the guides instead, as it affects the whole project rather than just integration with Cloud.

Author: Per our last discussion, I thought the idea was to work the much more statement / factual guides into modules, and then Guides are more general / solving a problem type stuff.

> All Code Review for HM Cloud is done via GitHub in the pre set-up GitHub repository for your project. Specific development flow process varies project to project, this document only covers the required Human Made Code Review. Specifically where in the "code development to running in production" flow the Human Made Code Review needs to be performed can be discussed separately.

Reviewer 2: Last sentence is a bit confusing maybe 
```suggestion
All Code Review for HM Cloud is done via GitHub in the pre set-up GitHub repository for your project. Development flow processes can vary from project to project therefore this document only covers the required Human Made Code Review. Exactly when during the development process the Human Made Code Review needs to be performed can be discussed separately.
```
